We'll use the Story Brand framework
to create a story as
attractive as possible for
the VT Sports case.
What I want you to see is how it is
very easy, we have done it on the
go, how it is very easy to create
an attractive story and that
it conveys the message to our
target audience that we are here
to help them and that we can
make their lives better, that
after all is the main goal
in the communication of every
brand.
What is VT Sports?
It is a company founded by Hugo
Taracido who is a Power MBA student
and who has been here with
us and has been transferring to
us his project and is dedicated
to managing and obtaining
university sports scholarships
in U.S. universities for
young Spanish.
very simple.
Let us start.
As in every story, it has to see
a protagonist and this protagonist
always has to be that university,
the target audience.
What he can't at any time is perceive
that VT Sports is talking
about himself.
The protagonist is always the
customer, we have repeated it thousands
of times and the first analysis
we have to do is to identify
what is the true desire of that
customer with us, with our brand.
And here's what we have to do, the
goal in this story is to make the
protagonist dream, to make
him dream of that American
dream that is now within his reach.
And how can we do it?
We can do this by copys,
title, etc., and
by images.
We have to tell you what will
be able to live there.
Universitaries, precious
American universities, campuses,
crowded sports stadiums,
cheerleaders, etc.
We have to make him dream.
What will allow us to do that?
That this story, if we excite
you, if we stick you from the beginning,
you will already be interested,
you will be willing to follow.
How many websites do we visit every
day?
I don't know, in dozens of websites
that bored us, that really don't get stuck.
We have to get that, we have
to get that.
VT Sports has to get that from the
first moment its target audience
feels absolutely identified, feels
the protagonist of this story
and is already dreaming of going
there, with taking the plane
and going to study in the United
States.
The subject is that like in every
story the protagonist has a problem
and here he has several problems
and they are very fat.
The first is that that dream we have
drawn is very expensive, it costs
a lot of money, you probably
can't afford it.
And the second problem is that if you
want to manage it, if you want to
manage a scholarship, because it is
really very complicated because you
have a...
The story of the
actor, a young man, who
doesn't know where to start.
There are hundreds of universities in the
United States, you don't know what the
procedures are, you don't have any idea.
This dream is unattainable to you.
But what VT Sports has to
is, at that moment, become
the guide, telling you calmly
that I'm here to help you.
What are the steps to
become a guide?
The levers are empathy and the
levers are authority.
How can we generate empathy?
very easy.
Hugo has been there, he has been
a sportsman there, he has
lived that experience.
Can you pass on to the Y two, how does it
generate authority?
Very simple too.
Every year VT Sports sends hundreds
of university students to the
United States.
You just have to give the data, you just
have to share the testimonials
of those university students who
are happy there.
very simple.
The protagonist has dreamed
of it.
In addition, he is aware that he has
a problem and is aware that without
VT Sports that dream cannot
be materialized.
But suddenly there are so many
doubts that you can stay there.
This is the abyss we are always talking about.
What are you doubting?
So, about the march.
I don't know if the process is
complicated or not.
I don't know what time I have
to make the requests for.
If it's for this year, if it's for
the next course.
I don't know if the process is
complicated or not.
I don't know what it is I don't know if it will
cost me a lot of money.
I don't know if I have an academic level.
I don't know if I have enough English.
I don't know if I have enough sports.
There are so many doubts that this
may never happen.
So at that moment, at that moment,
we have to generate absolute
confidence in the protagonist
and tell him quietly that these
are the steps we will take.
It is true that at that time you will
not be able to detail absolutely everything
because I understand that the
procedures here are complicated but
you have to generate comfort.
And we get to the next, to the
next stage of the story and it
is that we have to ask him to
make a decision.
In this case, the decision we
have to ask you to request information.
That does not stay there.
It gives us the opportunity to tell.
In every story, we always have
to show the protagonist what
is being played.
What is at risk of all this?
How will your life change depending
on whether you make the decision or not?
And we will do it in two ways,
as Story Brand shows us.
We're going to make a happy
ending, and we've had to do
it from the beginning.
He has to be very clear about what
the happy end is and we will
also detail it as much as possible
because there are things he has
not been aware of.
You will improve your CV and you will
be able to opt for better jobs
throughout your professional career.
You will be able to work in other countries.
You will be able to improve your
English, networking, live a
unique experience, etc.
We will point it out as
much as possible and what
we can do is to use testimonies
from students who have
been delighted and who
tell their experience
and we could even contact
them.
The protagonist has to be absolutely
clear about how he will change
his life if he actually
ends up going to study
in the United States.
And also another recommendation
that gives us Story Brand that
we can use is to help you visualize
the protagonist what the risk
we will help you avoid if you
let help.
In this case, I was argued.
What we're going to help him avoid
is, we're going to help him not
to miss out on that talent he
has, sports talent and that he doesn'
t miss out on those hundreds of
hours, those thousands of hours he'
s been training for his whole life
and that may never serve him for
anything because he's not going to
be a professional.
It is a powerful message.
We have to transmit to him that if he doesn'
t decide, all that opportunity that
he only has because the rest of the
world doesn't have that
opportunity, because maybe he doesn'
t have that talent, doesn't have
that level of sport, he will waste it.
As we have seen, what we
have left is a story.
It is a story in which the
protagonist has to feel stuck,
has to generate interest,
has to emotional and also we
have to accompany him in decision
making.
If Beatisports incorporates all this,
incorporates this story that hasn't yet
done it through all of its communications,
I'm convinced that your sales will increase
and that you'll be able
to get more.